update alerts with 0.9.0 changes, add alert ss, add troubleshooting (#14)
chaos-genius/chaosgenius-docs: docs/Alerts/Add_Alerts/add_KPI_alert.md

-   **Message Body**: This is the message you want accompanied when the alert is sent to you.

> -   **Include Alerts By Dimensions**: If enabled, alerts will be sent for sub-dimensional anomalies too. This setting does *not* affect "reasons for change" for overall anomalies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   **Include Alerts By Dimensions**: If enabled, alerts will be sent for sub-dimensional anomalies too. *Note*: Even if this option is disabled, users will still receive the sub-dimensions responsible for the anomaly in the overall KPI. ```

Reviewer: Gives more context to the users.

Consolidated [Reports need to be configured](/Alerts/Alert_Report_Settings.md) to receive them.
:::

## Examples of KPI alerts

> Example of email KPI alerts:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Email Alerts
```

Reviewer: Example is already mentioned in the title. It's redundant to repeat it in the sub heading.
